Title: UT Campus to Transition to Zero-Waste
Email: annacraw4d@gmail.com
Name: Anna C 
Content: The University of Texas has announced its plan to switch to zero-waste by 2023. By implementing more sorted recyling recepticles, compost bins for food waste, and educating campus-goers the University hopes that it limit the amount of waste produced on campus to a complete minimal nibh. Consequat nisl vel pretium lectus quam id. Dictumst vestibulum rhoncus est pellentesque elit ullamcorper dignissim. Dui accumsan sit amet nulla facilisi morbi. Eros donec ac odio tempor orci dapibus ultrices. Commodo elit at imperdiet dui accumsan sit amet nulla facilisi. Eget lorem dolor sed viverra ipsum nunc aliquet bibendum. Diam maecenas sed enim ut sem viverra aliquet eget. Egestas maecenas pharetra convallis posuere. Amet nulla facilisi morbi tempus iaculis urna id volutpat. Mauris rhoncus aenean vel elit scelerisque. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames.

Title: Guest Post 
Email: evan.jones@gmail.com 
Name: Evan Jones 
Content: Recycling is the process of converting waste materials into new materials and objects. The recovery of energy from waste materials is often included in this concept. The recyclability of a material depends on its ability to reacquire the properties it had in its original state. It is an alternative to "conventional" waste disposal that can save material and help lower greenhouse gas emissions. Recycling can prevent the waste of potentially useful materials and reduce the consumption of fresh raw materials, thereby reducing: energy usage, air pollution (from incineration), and water pollution (from landfilling). Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Recycling

Title: Hello World 
Email: lshoo@gmail.com 
Name: Lily Shoo 
Content: Once commingled recyclates are collected and delivered to a materials recovery facility, the different types of materials must be sorted. This is done in a series of stages, many of which involve automated processes such that a truckload of material can be fully sorted in less than an hour. Some plants can now sort the materials automatically, known as single-stream recycling. Automatic sorting may be aided by robotics and machine-learning. In plants, a variety of materials is sorted such as paper, different types of plastics, glass, metals, food scraps, and most types of batteries. A 30 percent increase in recycling rates has been seen in the areas where these plants exist. In the United States, there are over 300 materials recovery facilities. Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Recycling

Title: NewPost
Email: jsmith@gmail.com
Name: John Smith 
Content: The world is drowning in plastic, and part of the reason is that it’s incredibly hard to recycle most of the waste we create. According to new research though, “infinitely recyclable” plastics present an economically viable alternative to the plastics we’re currently using.
The average person in the US generates roughly 100 kilograms of plastic waste a year, most of which goes straight to landfill. While a small proportion of this waste gets sent for recycling, less than 10 percent is reused more than once, and recycled plastic often has to be mixed with new plastic to maintain quality standards.
That’s because the process of melting and re-molding plastics significantly degrades its material properties. Many plastic products have also been augmented with all kinds of additives like pigments and flame retardants. These get mixed together when they’re melted down, further lowering the resulting plastic’s quality. Source: https://singularityhub.com/2021/05/03/infinitely-recyclable-plastic-could-help-solve-our-waste-crisis/
